c:\users\nana\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChemCalc\ChemCalc\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\nana\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChemCalc\ChemCalc\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\nana\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChemCalc\ChemCalc\Bin\Debug\ChemCalc.dll
c:\users\nana\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChemCalc\ChemCalc\Bin\Debug\ChemCalc.pdb
c:\users\nana\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChemCalc\ChemCalc\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nana\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChemCalc\ChemCalc\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\nana\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChemCalc\ChemCalc\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\nana\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChemCalc\ChemCalc\obj\Debug\ChemCalc.g.resources
c:\users\nana\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChemCalc\ChemCalc\obj\Debug\ChemCalc.dll
c:\users\nana\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChemCalc\ChemCalc\obj\Debug\ChemCalc.pdb
c:\users\nana\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChemCalc\ChemCalc\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\nana\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChemCalc\ChemCalc\Bin\Debug\ChemCalc.xap
c:\users\nana\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChemCalc\ChemCalc\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\nana\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChemCalc\ChemCalc\obj\Debug\BoylesLaw.g.i.cs
c:\users\nana\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChemCalc\ChemCalc\obj\Debug\CharlesLaw.g.i.cs
c:\users\nana\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChemCalc\ChemCalc\obj\Debug\GasLaws.g.i.cs
c:\users\nana\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChemCalc\ChemCalc\obj\Debug\MolaritySoln.g.i.cs
c:\users\nana\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChemCalc\ChemCalc\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
c:\users\nana\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChemCalc\ChemCalc\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\nana\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChemCalc\ChemCalc\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.xml
c:\users\nana\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChemCalc\ChemCalc\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.pdb
c:\users\nana\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChemCalc\ChemCalc\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\Nana\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChemCalc\ChemCalc\obj\Debug\About.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Nana\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChemCalc\ChemCalc\obj\Debug\ChemInfo.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Nana\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChemCalc\ChemCalc\obj\Debug\Help.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Nana\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChemCalc\ChemCalc\Bin\Debug\icons\appbar.edit.rest.png
C:\Users\Nana\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChemCalc\ChemCalc\Bin\Debug\icons\appbar.favs.rest.png
C:\Users\Nana\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChemCalc\ChemCalc\Bin\Debug\icons\appbar.questionmark.rest.png
C:\Users\Nana\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChemCalc\ChemCalc\obj\Debug\GasMoleConcept.g.i.cs
